WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
DO YOU THINK DONALD TRUMP EVER
REGRETS WINNING THE PRESIDENCY
(  LAUGHTER  )
NOT AS MUCH AS WE DO, BUT JUST A
LITTLE?
(  LAUGHTER  )
RIGHT NOW, HE'S BEING
INVESTIGATED BY MULTIPLE
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.
THE MUELLER REPORT COULD DROP
ANY MINUTE, AND THAT FLAG HE
HUGGED IS BEING INTERVIEWED BY
RONAN FARROW.
YESTERDAY, THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE SENT LETTERS DEMANDING
INFORMATION FROM OVER 80 PEOPLE
AND INSTITUTIONS CONNECTED TO
TRUMP, INCLUDING THE WHITE
HOUSE, THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT,
SENIOR CAMPAIGN OFFICIALS, TRUMP
ORGANIZATION OFFICIALS, AND THE
PRESIDENT'S SONS.
ERIC WAS SO EXCITED TO GET MAIL.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND IT'S NOT JUST-- IT'S NOT
JUST THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
THE CHAIRMEN OF THREE OTHER
COMMITTEES ARE DEMANDING
DOCUMENTS ON TRUMP'S
COMMUNICATIONS WITH PUTIN AND
INTERVIEWS WITH "LINGUISTS,
TRANSLATORS, OR INTERPRETERS WHO
PARTICIPATED IN, ATTENDED, OR IN
ANY WAY LISTENED IN ON PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S IN-PERSON MEETINGS WITH
PUTIN, AS WELL AS PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S PHONE CALLS WITH
PRESIDENT PUTIN."
TO WHICH PUTIN RESPONDED:
(AS PUTIN) :
"DA, GOOD LUCK FINDING
TRANSLATORS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
ESPECIALLY THE PARTS THAT TALK."
THESE INVESTIGATIONS COME ON TOP
OF ALL THE OTHER INVESTIGATIONS
GOING ON.
TRUMP IS CURRENTLY BEING LOOKED
INTO BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL, THE
U.S. ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
THE F.B.I., THE MARSHALL TUCKER
BAND, THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON
OVERSIGHT AND REFORM, MOLLY
HATCHET, THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON
WAYS AND MEANS, LYNYRD SKYNYRD,
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE, THE ALLMAN BROTHERS,
THE SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON
INTELLIGENCE, AND MANY MORE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ALL THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS.
♪ CAN'T YOU SEE ♪
AND TRUMP IS FEELING THE
PRESSURE.
HE'S TWEETING THINGS LIKE:
(  LAUGHTER  )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUMP, ON THE OTHER HAND, IS
SWEATY HOT CRAZY.
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS MOMENT FROM
HIS SPEECH ON SATURDAY AT CPAC.
>> THEY'RE GONNA GRAB TOGETHER.
THEY'RE GONNA SAY, "YOU KNOW,
THIS GUY'S REALLY LAYING FOR
US."
>> Stephen (AS TRUMP):
"THESE PEOPLE IN CONGRESS.
THEY'RE, LIKE, THEY'RE COMING
FOR ME LIKE
RATTLESNAKES ON A CHICKEN.
YIKE!
YEEE!
"
( APPLAUSE )
(  LAUGHTER  )
HE ALSO TWEETED, "THE GREATEST
OVERREACH IN THE HISTORY OF
OUR COUNTRY.
THE DEMS ARE OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE
AND WILL NOT GET ANYTHING DONE."
NOTICE HOW HE ALWAYS ACCUSES HIS
ACCUSERS BEFORE THEY CAN ACCUSE
HIM?
(AS TRUMP) :
"I DIDN'T OBSTRUCT JUSTICE!
THEY DID, OKAY.
THEY'RE THE ONES WHO COLLUDED
WITH RUSSIA!
THEY'RE THE ONES WHO EAT
CHEESEBURGERS IN BED!
AND THEY'RE SO DELICIOUS.
AND I KNOW THE HAMBURGLAR'S
LAYING IN WAIT FOR ME.
AND I DID IT.
I DID IT!
GAAAA!
YEEE!
"
(  LAUGHTER  )
THANK YOU, CHARLIE.
SO TRUMP DID WHAT HE ALWAYS DOES
WHEN HE FEELS DOWN.
HE FOUND COMFORT FROM HIS
FRIENDS IN THE TV, TWEETING THIS
QUOTE FROM SEAN HANNITY.
SEE IF YOU NOTICE THE SMALL
TYPO:
"WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOW BE
SUBJECTED TO THE BIGGEST DISPLAY
OF MODERN DAY McCATHYISM."
(  LAUGHTER  )
YES.
IT'S TRUE, VERY IMPORTANT.
MODERN DAY "McCATHYISM,"
IMMORTALIZED IN THE FAMOUS
COMIC, WHERE SHE SAYS, "ACK!
SOCIALISTS REDISTRIBUTED MY
CHOCOLATE!"
(  LAUGHTER  )
TODAY, TRUMP TOOK SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION, AND HE
FELL BACK ON HIS FAVORITE
SMEARS.
>> THE WITCH HUNT CONTINUES.
THE FACT IS THAT, I GUESS, WE
GOT 81 LETTERS.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
IT WAS A HOAX.
>> Stephen: IT'S JUST SAD WHEN
HIS HEART'S NOT IN IT.
HE'S LIKE AN AGING SINGER DOING
HIS 16th SHOW OF THE WEEK IN
BRANSON TO A HALF-EMPTY ROOM.
(AS TRUMP DISPIRITED):
(  LAUGHTER  )
"NO COLLUSION.
LOCK HER UP.
BUILD THE WALL.
FAKE NEWS.
MA-GA."
BUT, BUT--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
TRUMP TRIED HIS BEST TO STAY
POSITIVE.
>> PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN
THEY LOOK AT IT, THEY JUST SAY,
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT."
BUT THAT'S OKAY.
NO ADMINISTRATION HAS
ACCOMPLISHED-- PROBABLY YOU
COULD SAY THIS WITH ABSOLUTE
CERTAINTY-- IN THE FIRST TWO
YEARS ANYWHERE NEAR WHAT WE'VE
ACCOMPLISHED.
>> Stephen: REALLY?
(  LAUGHTER  )
THERE'S A REPORT OUT ON DAY 149
OF GEORGE WASHINGTON'S
PRESIDENCY.
THEY PASSED THE BILL OF RIGHTS.
AND IT'S TAKEN YOU ALMOST TWO
YEARS TO VIOLATE ALL OF THEM.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
OF COURSE, YESTERDAY, HE SAID HE
WAS GOING TO COOPERATE WITH ALL
OF THE DOCUMENT REQUESTS FROM
CONGRESS.
BUT TODAY, HE CHANGED HIS MIND
AND IN DOING SO, HE CITED HIS
FAVORITE FORMER PRESIDENT.
>> PRESIDENT OBAMA, FROM WHAT
THEY TELL ME, WAS UNDER A
SIMILAR KIND OF THING, DIDN'T
GIVE ONE LETTER.
THEY DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
THEY DIDN'T GIVE ONE LETTER OF
THE REQUEST.
MANY REQUESTS WERE MADE.
>> Stephen: HE'S RIGHT.
HE'S RIGHT.
I REMEMBER ONE CRAZY RACIST WHO
KEPT DEMANDING HIS BIRTH
CERTIFICATE.